# ExploratoryDataAnalysis

Explaratory Data Analysis performed on a dataset on used cars consisting of 70.000+ rows. Data preprocessing and cleaning with a number of regression models fit to predict the target variable - "price". A number of tests were performed such as the ANOVA test, or a two sampled t-tests.

The general conclusion after performing a thorough analysis of this dataset, is that all of the variables were relatively easy to work with and included in the final model, apart from the “Model” variable. What should be added is any sort of feature that divides the cars into sub-groups such as Coupe, SUV by style, but also perhaps how many doors it has (3 or 5), how many people it can hold. One more other relevant variable would be horsepower, as it can be used to distinguish sports models from regular models. Another variable is if it's a basic version of the car, or with all additional features (heat warming, interior design, navigation) as that nowadays can highly impact the price. I also believe the model should ideally be divided for each car maker. With so many data entries, I believe it is more efficient to have a separate model for predicting the price of a BMW and a separate one for predicting the price of an Audi. Another aspect is that a specific car model should be included in the model/dataset, only with a significant amount of data entries, meaning that a certain threshold should be established, as having one or 3 data entries for a specific car model is a misleading estimate. 

